dev plugin docs (#538)
awslabs/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper: docs/using-the-jdbc-driver/UsingTheJdbcDriver.md

| [Read Write Splitting Plugin](./using-plugins/UsingTheReadWriteSplittingPlugin.md)             | `readWriteSplitting`      | Aurora                 | Enables read write splitting functionality where users can switch between database reader and writer instances.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

> | [Developer Plugin](./using-plugins/UsingTheDeveloperPlugin.md)                                 | `dev`                     | Any database           | Helps development team to test various every day scenarios including rare events like network outages and database cluster failover. The plugin allows to inject and then raise an expected exception and verify how application handles it.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Developer Plugin](./using-plugins/UsingTheDeveloperPlugin.md)                                 | `dev`                     | Any database           | Helps developers test various everyday scenarios including rare events like network outages and database cluster failover. The plugin allows injecting and raising an expected exception, then verifying how applications handle it.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
```
?
